Nos complace anunciar desde el grupo de trabajo del proyecto FAIaS (Foster AI at Schools), proyecto financiado por Erasmus+, la apertura del período de inscripción de nuestro primer taller sobre inteligencia artificial orientado a educadores que tengan interés en implantar nuevas metodologías de enseñanza basadas en conceptos tales como el Machine Learning. 
Nuestro curso será impartido en la ciudad de Braga, Portugal, uno de los centros urbanos más importantes del país y recientemente galardonada como EUROPEAN BEST DESTINATION 2021, que la sitúa como uno de los mejores destinos turísticos de Europa el año pasado. Allí los participantes dispondrán de alojamiento y manutención gratuito por parte del proyecto FAIaS, y se les impartirán una serie de seminarios explicativos sobre las distintas herramientas y metodologías que usamos en el proyecto. También, se les otorgará una serie de recursos materiales específicos del curso que podrán utilizar en sus labores educativas y ampliarlos según vayan trabajando con ellos.
Con el objetivo de llegar al máximo número de educadores posible, hemos redactado una publicación en nuestra página web en la que se encuentra toda la información necesaria sobre el evento y los enlaces al formulario de inscripción, el cual es muy sencillo y rápido de rellenar: 

Si trabajas en cualquier tipo de sector educativo, te animamos a informarte sobre nuestro evento y rellenar el formulario para tener la oportunidad de unirte a nosotros los 3 días de curso desde el 31 de mayo hasta el 2 de junio. ¡Te esperamos!






We are pleased to announce from the working group of the FAIaS project (Foster AI at Schools), a project funded by Erasmus+, the opening of the registration period of our first workshop on artificial intelligence aimed at educators who are interested in implementing new teaching methodologies based on concepts such as Machine Learning. 
Our course will be held in the city of Braga, Portugal, one of the most important urban centres in the country and recently awarded as EUROPEAN BEST DESTINATION 2021, ranking it as one of the best tourist destinations in Europe last year (https://www.europeanbestdestinations.com/european-best-destinations-2021/). There, participants will be provided with free board and lodging by the FAIaS project, and will be given a series of seminars explaining the different tools and methodologies we use in the project. They will also be given a series of specific course materials that they can use in their educational work and expand them as they work with them.
In order to reach as many educators as possible, we have written a publication on our website where you will find all the necessary information about the event and links to the registration form, which is very simple and quick to fill in: https://fosteringai.net/post/call_for_educators/
If you work in any kind of education sector, we encourage you to inform yourself about our event and fill in the form to have the opportunity to join us for the 3 days of the course from May 31st to June 2nd. We are looking forward to seeing you!


You can follow our project in Twitter (https://twitter.com/fosteringai) and in our email newsletter (https://fosteringai.us5.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=706f9ed75fb884364cf3b673a&id=983f38532f).
If you have any question about the event, you can contact with us through this e-mail: faias@fosteringai.net

https://www.europeanbestdestinations.com/european-best-destinations-2021/
